Know it's time that we actually start developing our web application for our web application we're going
to be developing a couple of interfaces within those interfaces.
We're going to be listing our products we'll be creating our products.
And of course we're going to be just wheeling and editing our products before all we're going to start
with our index page within our index page.
We're going to be having a navigation with that navigation.
We're going to be exploring all parts of our application with a single interface to make our navigation
usable.
We're going to have a header page DML file and within that file We're going to include everything we
need for our header and navigation.
So after we create our header that Tim will file then we can include it within our other pages of the
application.
So to start to bring our navigation and index page I'm going to first start with our header that Tim
file.
So to do that I'm going to create a new folder under templates and folder is going to be named as way
out.
And within that layout folder I'm going to be creating a new HMO file and dump file as I've said in
a minute ago.
It's going to be had not.
H tim l within this header.
A stem cell File.
We're going to be designing our navigation.
Let's first start with defining time we've written our header that a Tim L.
So to do that I'm going to go to our team Altec and I'm going to move the language to have in a in later.
So I'll say X-amount namespace and the name space is going to be referenced with Ph.
And then I'm going to provide the URL of time wave and that is HTP last lash w w w time alleve
dot org.
All right.
And after that I'm going to move wanty had section and there I'm going to say the language of the page
is going to be English.
All right.
And after that our next stop is the med attack within this medtech.
We're going to be defining the characteristics of the HTL m.p.h. within the Met attack.
We're going to be saying a couple of things.
First of those things is the Content-Type within the Content-Type.
We're going to be providing it as a team.
And we're of course going to provide our character set as UTF 8.
So let's do that and then I'm going to say HTP coolant is going to be Content-Type for this matter and
then I'm going to say contact is going to be tech slash T.M..
And after that as you can see we have character set UTF 8 as defined for us automatically.
LS also close this pack because in some browsers this can be rendered very well.
So our attack would be useless.
So to avoid that we're simply close and emet attack.
And since this is a system and include a html file We're not going to be using any tidal.
So I can simply get rid of the title right here.
So let's just delete that
and after that we're of course going to include some stylesheets within our application since we have
nothing right now but let's say we're going to have a style that says and let's create that.
So I'm going to go to this tatic part of our application and I'm going to create a new directory and
that directory is going to be named Garcia says and within that directory I'm going to create a stylesheet.
This is going to be named best pilots.
SS All right.
The content of style that CSL is empty for now but don't worry about that.
We'll get back to this style CSSA file and we'll make our application look better.
All right.
So I'll move back to our Heather.
HMO.
And what I'm going to do now I'm going to reference our CSSA file and that is done by the linked back
button linked back.
Our relationship is going to be a stylesheet and then I'm also going to say that this is going to be
used by time we've as a fallback method.
So to do that I'm going to use th Tref.
And within that I'm going to use this specific markdown of time leave so for doing that I'm going to
use sign and then I'm going to use curly braces within those curly braces.
I'm going to say that this is under CSSA and then it's going to be named as style that's ss.
All right.
So for our general browser purposes I'm going to also say that we're going to reference it as the all
the way.
So if we're doing that I'll use the Etra of TAC within the edge of Takk I will say that this is to level
of all our heads not a symbol so to show you that I can move back to our navigation and within our navigation
if we go one level up we have our templates folder and if we go one more level up we how are static
within the static.
We're moving into the CSSA folder and within that pool there we have our style that CSSA.
So to say that you our extra stack I'm going to use double dots and then slash double dots and then
static Obus be have one more slashes and after that I'm going to say C Ss and as you can see Intel is
automatically understanding what I'm trying to say and I'll hit enter.
And here we go.
All right.
So let's close this stack too because as I said minutes ago some browsers can understand that if you're
trying to provide a tag or nothing at all.
So now it's time we moved to our buddy section of our application within the body section.
I'm going to provide a couple of divisions and navigation.
So for doing that are moving to do our body tag within the body attack.
I'll start with a division within that division.
I'm going to create a fragment with a division again
so the fragment is going to be set as th fragment fragment is going to indicate that I'm trying to provide
a header for our application.
So if I moved down a bit in the hierarchy I'm going to say that I'm actually providing a navigation
to the application so I'll use now Takk for our header.
And within that Natak I'm also going to create a division within that doing that will actually be having
our buttons or actions for navigation.
So to make it real I'm going to provide another Dev and within that Deb I'm also going to provide another
div so that we can easily manage our divisions individually
within this that I'm actually start providing our navigation the first part of our navigation is going
to be our home button which is like the logo of your application the logo that you see within almost
every Web page.
So I'm going to provide it as an A within the ATAC I'm going to reference our home page which is going
to be referenced as the shark character and then I'm going to use a simple HSF track of time leave within
that x ray tech.
I'm going to say this is going to be referencing to our home page.
And it's like is untimely.
And then of course I'm going to say which web page it's going to be displaying as a text.
And I'm going to be displaying it at home right after I finish our home button and I'm going to go to
our other parts of navigation.
We're going to be having two more buttons in our navigation and those navigation buttons are going to
be provided with an ordered list pack for an ordered list.
We're using the you all tag or h t m l within the Haq.
I'm going to be providing two elements.
First of those elements is going to be provided with a and within that a I'm going to say again th reference
within that th reference I'm going to provide the you are out and I'm going to use for my application.
So to do that I'm going to say this is going to be linked as Slash products and of course I'm going
to be naming this page as products.
All right.
And after that I'm going to provide another list element and within that element I'm going to provide
another ATAC within that ATAC I'm again reference this page as th ref and then products slash add.
All right.
And then of course I'm going to name this page as create product
OK we're done with our basic navigation after our no EDITION I'm going to be providing a text and an
image right below that and this is all going to be placed right below our navigation.
So for doing that I'm going to go down to our navigation and after that I'm going to be providing and
not a division.
And within that division I'm going to be providing a couple of divisions too so that we can easily manage
those divisions.
And after that I'm going to provide a a two TAC text.
The two is Heather level two.
So it's going to be large enough to see when we open our application.
So within that text I'm going to say spring and we see application
and after that I'm going to go down to our second Dev and then I'm going to provide another depth so
that we can provide an image to our application.
So I'll say dev.
And within that I'm going to provide the image tech within the image stack.
I'm going to use an image that I've downloaded over the Internet and that image is simply a spring Lego
image.
So for holding that image which in our application I'm going to create another folder and that folder
is going to be under resources with them there.
I'm going to create another directory and that directory is going to be named as images within that
images folder.
I'm going to move the image did-I downloaded over to Internet.
So let me bring that up and I'm moving it to the images folder.
Let me fix the navigation of this image folder.
That's going to be placed right below the static for there so I'll hit OK.
And
let's leaked that one because we don't need it anymore.
And here we go.
We have our image right below the images folder.
So now it's time that we actually referenced it.
So the reverend said we're again going to go to levels a ball.
So for doing that I'm going to use two dots slashes and then I'm going to say static and then images
and the image name that I provided as per adult Jawa spring logo and of course since this is a big image
I'm going to shrink down it's a little bit and I'm going to say it's going to be 30 percent large.
All right.
And also we're going to say that time we can understand this image at its own included within its contacts.
So for doing that I'm going to use th's horse tack.
So for that ph source stack I'm going to go down a little bit and then ph source is going to be at and
curly braces and then images
and pubertal And let's just copy the name of our image and we can move on from there.
Here we go.
Let's close our image Takk and we're almost finished our navigation.
Now let's actually create our index page and include our header within it.
So to do that I'm going to go to our templates folder and create our new Tim old file and it's going
to be named as index that HMO and for the structure of it we have a little bit of a problem let's fix
our structure of the index HMO file.
I'm going to refactoring it and I'm going to be moving it within that movement.
I'm getting rid of the layout.
And then there it is
all right it's under the temples for the right away.
So now we can work on our index that a stem cell file.
So first I'll start off with our timely for timely.
As you remember we're going to use X-amount name space and then and within that th I'm going to say
HTP slash slash.
W w w time we've got all week.
All right.
And up your debt.
I'm going to just close this med attack as you can remember.
Couple of minutes ago that we set some browsers can render it and after that I'm going to provide a
title for our application.
So this is going to be named as products spring and we see application and after that is the actual
part that we're interested in and that is the header include park for doing that of first start by creating
a timely block and within that timely block I'm going to say that I'll be including a a simplified to
my index page T.M..
So doing that I'll use th include and within that include.
I'm going to say it will be under the layout folder and then it's named as header.
All right now we're almost done with the basic navigation and appearance of our application.
Now let's also create our controller for the index page and start serving our application from there.
So for doing that I'm going to create our control class.
So for that I'll create a new package and named as controller which in that controller I'm going to
create a new class and it's going to be pro-law controller
or controller class is going to be annotated with the simple controller annotation.
And so to do that I'll go up and say this is a controller this controller will be able to search the
pages of our application and the data to our users.
So for our index page I'm going to create a new request mapping and for the request mapping I'm simply
going to create a method returning a string and that string is going to be a stem Elf while.
So for the method name I'm going to use as index and then I'll simply return our index page.
Right.
And in the request mapping I'm going to be navigating it as the route that so is going to be just a
slash.
All right.
So we're almost done with our controller to serve our indexed r h t m l file.
Let's run our application for the first time and see what it looks like.
Our application is starting up
and here we go.
Let's open up Firefox and see what it looks like.
Localhost eighty eighty nine.
And here we go.
We have a simple page with navigation and an image right below that but this doesn't look good at all
right.
So no it's time that we include bootstrap to our application to beautify it and have a great looking
application.
So for doing that I'll switch back to my ID before we start including built up into our application
I should first take a moment to talk about web jar's web jobs are great ways to include CSSA javascript
and other web libraries into your web application as the job away DJR files.
To take a look at it I'll switch back to Firefox.
And in a new tab I'll go to Web jar's
and if we go to do the full page of the web jar's as you can see web jobs are defined as client side
web libraries such as a query and bootstrap package into Jarre archive files and as you can see from
the highlights it says explicitly an easily managed decline site dependencies in Jay re-embrace web
applications.
So for our bootstrap need we're going to be including the bootstraps latest version into our application
so we're doing that.
I'll go to do.
And we are a repository
and then I'm going to be looking at the bootstrap web or.
And we have it.
So let's take a look at it and we have Creedle 3.7 Dash 1 as the latest version.
And I'm simply going to take the dependency and switch back to my ID now and then I'll go to my Palm
file and include it.
And here we go.
Let's enable the auto import and maybe we can download it over to internet.
All right.
It's already done.
So now let's switch back to our heads up as to your mail and include bootstrap into our application
for doing that.
I'm going to be adding a link to Jack within that linked back.
We're going to be referencing bootstrap to our application.
So for doing that I'm going to be using th Tref within that ph as SRF I'm going to be saying Webb jar
and of course we have to be using the slash before it and then I'm going to say bootstrap and then I'm
providing the version of it.
This is going to be $3.3 7 Dash 1 and then I'll say See assess and bootstrap
dot men that's VSS.
All right.
And also I'm going to be referencing the web version of the unified bootstraps VSS.
So for doing that I'm going to be using the actual Atra stack within that extra deck.
I already copy the location of our CSSA the minute flight version and I'm simply going to paste it right
here.
So this is going to be acting as the fallback for RC SS if the web job somehow fails to load RC SS and
after that I'm of course going to be providing the relation and within that relation I'm going to be
saying that this is a stylesheet.
All right.
And then I'm going to be providing an extra attack which is media with this media attack bootstrap is
going to apply its own rules sets of CSSA within any kind of interface be a mobile phone tablet desktop
whatever.
If we say screeding which can navigate itself and any web page and it displaying DeWyze so I'll also
close this tag.
And then I'm going to start by adding the classes for bootstrap to our navigation so that to make them
beautiful so now go down to our division tax and first I'm going to say the first division is going
to be a container container class indicates that this division is containing lots of other attacks including
additives to.
So right after that I'm going to go to our navigation and within that navigation I'm going to use to
know bar classes or bootstrap and I'm going to also say this is a default now or and after that I'm
going to go to other dev and say that this is a container and it's say Flude 1.
So this Flude one says are contained elements can be adjusted as we want.
So after our vision I'll move on to our next division and I'm going to say this is going to be the harder
part or we're now bar so I'll say no bar Desch header and for our homework I'm going to be providing
a special task special class and that class is going to be no bar Brant as you can understand from the
name this is going to be the main burden of our application.
So you're probably going to put a logo for your website but for our case our home button is going to
be a little bit different from other navigation buttons in our UI and after our home button I'm moving
on to our on order list in our on order at last.
I'm going to be using the now.
And now we are now tax
right and within our other Dave right below I'm going to be providing a special tag again and that tag
is going to be Jumbotron Jumbotron Ptak indicates that you have some important content within that division.
So it highlights it and makes it clear that you have something important there.
And the division after that I'm going to be providing world class and then it's going to be centered
text and a deal before the age to tack on going to providing the rope again so that it can be adjusted
as a role in the UI.
And after that I'll move on to my image and the division that holding the image is going to be named
as Ro and tech center so that the image can be displayed on the center of the web page.
All right.
No we can rerun our application and see the changes in effect.
So to do that I'm going to rerun our application and see what's going to happen.
Our application is starting up now.
And here we have it.
Now let's go to Firefox again.
And if you go to localhost A.D. 89 and here we go we have much more of a clean and a beautiful Web page
and within that web page you should notice couple of things.
We have our navigation right arrow and it's on the top of our Web page.
And as you know there's our now our brand Clast home button is a little bit bigger than the other buttons.
And we also have our products and create product buttons with some style and right after our navigation
we have a jumbotron.
As I've said this is a clear separation from other parts of the UI.
It's highlighted with gray by default and we have our spring and we see application and our spring logo
center into our web page.
Now we've created the initial page of our application in navigation and another content right below
it.
So to me all with create product page I'll be seeing you in the next video.